docs: document UriUtils.encodePath for Java client service invocation (#5231)
dapr/docs: sdkdocs/java/content/en/java-sdk-docs/java-client/_index.md

`DaprBodyPublishers.json(...)` serializes the payload using the SDK's default Jackson serializer, matching the JSON encoding the deprecated `invokeMethod` APIs applied internally. For raw payloads use any `HttpRequest.BodyPublisher` (for example `HttpRequest.BodyPublishers.ofString(...)`).

> {{% alert title="Encode path segments with special characters" color="primary" %}}

Reviewer: Remove the alert from here, just make a new paragraph.

> `newRequestBuilder(relativePath)` resolves the path as-is — it does **not** encode it for you. If a path segment may contain characters that are illegal in a URI (for example spaces), encode it first with `io.dapr.utils.UriUtils.encodePath(...)`; passing such characters directly throws `IllegalArgumentException`. `encodePath` percent-encodes each `/`-delimited segment (preserving the separators and any leading slash) and appends the query string unchanged, mirroring the per-segment encoding the deprecated `invokeMethod` APIs applied internally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`newRequestBuilder(relativePath)` resolves the path as-is without encoding it for you. If a path segment may contain characters that are illegal in a URI (for example spaces), encode it first with `io.dapr.utils.UriUtils.encodePath(...)` method. Without this encoding, passing such characters directly throws an `IllegalArgumentException`. The `encodePath` method percent-encodes each forward-slash  delimited segment (`/`), preserving the separators and any leading slashes, and appends the query string unchanged. This behavior mirrors the per-segment encoding that the deprecated `invokeMethod` APIs applied automatically:
```

```java
import io.dapr.utils.UriUtils;

// "Name With Spaces" -> "Name%20With%20Spaces"
HttpRequest request = invoker.newRequestBuilder(
        UriUtils.encodePath("orders/Name With Spaces"))
    .GET()
    .build();
```
{{% /alert %}}

The table below summarizes which concerns `DaprInvokeHttpClient` handles for you (when configured with `DaprClientBuilder`) and which belong to the user:

| Concern | Handled by the SDK | User's responsibility |
|---|---|---|
| Invoke URL (`/v1.0/invoke/{appId}/method/...`) | ✓ — resolved against the sidecar endpoint, which defaults to `http://localhost:3500` (override via `DAPR_HTTP_ENDPOINT`, or `DAPR_SIDECAR_IP` + `DAPR_HTTP_PORT`) | |

> | URL path encoding | | Encode segments that may contain characters illegal in a URI (e.g. spaces) with `UriUtils.encodePath(...)`. `newRequestBuilder` resolves the path unchanged and throws `IllegalArgumentException` on illegal characters. |

Reviewer: Nit: can we move this to row 5?

> | URL path encoding | | Encode segments that may contain characters illegal in a URI (e.g. spaces) with `UriUtils.encodePath(...)`. `newRequestBuilder` resolves the path unchanged and throws `IllegalArgumentException` on illegal characters. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| URL path encoding | | Encode path segments that may contain characters illegal in a URI (e.g. spaces) with `UriUtils.encodePath(...)`. The `newRequestBuilder` constructor resolves the path unchanged and throws `IllegalArgumentException` on illegal characters. |
```
